# app-dev
My first repository

#Transformers One
**Movie Information**

Eons ago, ==Primus==, a being who had seen the inception of the universe, a multiversal force for good across all time and space. He is a benevolent being, an enforcer of light and good for all life. Primus eventually transformed his body into a planet forever called Cybertron. Primus created his first creations called the Primes, the Primes were created to lead Cybertron to a fruitful future and preserve good across the galaxy. Unfortunately, the Primes were never seen again, and the Matrix of Leadership, a powerful artifact blemished by Primus' own life essence suddenly disappeared. Without the matrix, Cybertron never saw the light of the Primes again. 50 cycles have passed, the Quintessons, an ancient enemy of Cybertron, have come again. Orion Pax and D-16, miners who ventured to the surface of Cybertron had seen them. They were on a mission to find the Matrix of Leadership because they received an old SOS transmission from Alpha Trion, the Prime of Wisdom. Perplexed, they went with Elita-One and B-127 and the signal led them to a cave. After they entered, they found a revelation, the Primes are dead. The Primes that were once a beacon of strength, light, hope, now brought distress to Orion and his friends with their mossy and rusty lifeless bodies. But they've noticed a semblance of a spark, glowing under the rubble. After clearing the fatal debris, there stood Alpha Trion, the Prime who left the details of their whereabouts. Orion pushed an energon cube into his mouth, then the Prime sparked itself back to life, the ==Energon== is their primary source of energy. Alpha Trion then revealed a shocking truth of what really happened on the site. Sentinel, an aide to the Primes, have informed the Primes that the war with the Quintessons will soon be over so they all need to be there so they can kill the Quintessons' generals. Sentinel deceived the Primes and were secretly working for the Quintessons, his reason was to have what the Primes had, to rule all Cybertron and subject all to his will. Orion and his friends, shocked at the revelation and heartbroken because their so called hero and a Prime were all just a sham. They realized they were never loved by Sentinel, they were forced to mine energon almost their entire life, and they've also found out that Sentinel stole their cogs from their chests. The action of Sentinel led to the discrimination of miner bots, because they were cogless and they need to mine energon tirelessly for a leader they thought were trying to rebuild cybertron but ultimately perversed its citizens over by greed. This backfired for Sentinel because D-16 is full of relentless rage towards him. Slowly, D-16 was pushed to leave his past and embrace a stronger version of himself. D-16 was tired and vows to never obey a so called leader ever again. As they fight their way back to Iacon City, D-16's rage is waiting to erupt. Because of D-16's blind rage and thirst for revenge, he accidentally killed his friend Orion during his battle against Sentinel. Not letting go the evil that is corrupting him, D-16 chose to abandon his very close friend to die. As Orion Pax falls into the dark, a light grabbed him, pulling him deeper into the core of Cybertron. There, the core of Cybertron stood with the essence of Elder Primes. Primus deemed Orion worthy in his eyes because of selflessness amidst the insurection happening. There appeared the long lost Matrix of Leadership, it rejected Sentinel before and now chose Orion Pax to lead all Cybertron. 
